PRES SIMP
Bill jogs every day.
Bill never jogs.
Does Bill jog on Sundays?
Jane works hard.
Jane doesn't work hard at all!
Jim builds houses for a living.
What does Jim do for a living?
They play basketball every Sunday.
At what time do you usually eat dinner?
London is in England.
London is not in France.
You can't live without water.
Can you live without water?
Sarah is a good girl.
When does it start snowing?
I speak French.
I don't speak Japanese.
I agree.
Tom thinks it's a good idea.
They have a lot of money.
They don't have any money.
Do they have some money?
I feel so tired.
You are brilliant!
They don't need his help.

PAST SIMP
We moved here in 1991.
Did you move here in 1991?
When did you move here?
Sophia and I met yesterday.
In the end, Sophia did not show up.
They were very pleased.
They were not pleased at all.
I worked for Microsoft.
Who did you work for?

FUTU SIMP
They will dance all night long.
Next month he will be ten years old.
How old will he be next month?
It will be very cold in the winter.
This winter will not be so cold.
I hope you will have a successful trip.
I hope you will not be disappointed.
He won't be late again.
What time will he arrive?
She will be very happy when she finds out.
We will eat in ten minutes.
You will see him in a minute.
I believe it will be a very nice party.
I will always help you.
We will win this match!
I will drop by later.
Will you come with us?
We will stay for dinner.
I won't give up.
I will do it tomorrow.
I will fix the car as soon as I can.
We won't tell anyone about it.

PRES CONT
We are having lunch.
We are not having lunch right now.
Are you having lunch right now?
They are singing very nicely.
The kids are sleeping.
Why are the kids sleeping?
Bella is playing the guitar and Andrew is listening to her.
What are Bella and Andrew doing?
Bella and Andrew are not playing golf.
We are moving to Packard Street this week.
This month I am traveling from place to place.
Julie is studying so hard because she has a lot of exams these days.
Patrick is leaving us, and somebody else will replace him.
She is having a lot of trouble with her divorce.  
He is studying to become a dentist.
Jane is reading the book "War and Peace".
I am meeting Robert this afternoon.
Are you coming with us to the party tonight?
When are you having lunch?
Patricia is returning later this week.
They are arranging a special dinner and they want us to come.
I am not watching the game this evening, I have homework.
He is not going to the party tonight.
She is always complaining about something.
They are constantly fighting.
John is always smoking.
You are always coming late!
It is always raining! 

PAST CONT
Yesterday evening we were watching the game so we couldn't come.
He was sleeping all night long.
Were you sleeping all night long?
I wasn't resting, I was working!
Last night at nine o'clock John was washing the dishes.
Why was John washing the dishes?
Last week we were painting the house.
This morning at five o'clock Shannon was taking care of her baby.
Where was Shannon taking care of her baby?
I was studying when the phone rang.
They were eating when their friends showed up.
While the cat was sleeping the mice were eating its food.
We were having a very nice picnic when it started to rain.
My brother was always snoring.
They were always making fun of him.
You were always complaining.
This girl was constantly losing stuff. 
He was always bragging. 


FUTU CONT
They will be dancing all night long!
What will they be doing all night long?
We will be working quite closely.
This guy will be sleeping when you find him.
Tomorrow at three o'clock Josh will be cooking.
It will be raining the entire week.
He will be running until he's too tired to move.
When will he be running until?
When you come, I will be waiting.
Where will you be waiting?
I will be watching TV when you call this evening.
When we arrive at their house tonight, they will be waiting.
I will be working all night in the restaurant, so please take care of the kids.

PRES PERF SIMP
I have been to Tokyo.
How many times have you been to Tokyo?
She has learned to speak Russian.
Stacy has become very successful.
How has she done it?
They have never eaten there before.
You have changed so much!
I haven't changed one bit.
She hasn't found the time yet.
We have seen this movie ten times.
I don't believe we have met. My name is David.
Have you cleaned your room yet?
She has never been so surprised.
I have just sold the last one.
Sue has broken the glass.
How has she done it?
Mom has just found out about it, and she is not pleased.
They have already won. Let's go home.
I have made a special dish just for you.
She hasn't finished her homework yet.
I have thought about it for two hours.
You have been sick since last week.
Since when have you been sick?
I have not been quite myself since the accident.
Kelly has had cats since I can remember.
Sophie has always loved shopping.
Taylor has lived here since 1992

PAST PERF SIMP
I lost so much weight because I had begun exercising.
He stayed up all night because he had received a lot of homework.
Rachel hadn't lost hope, and in the end she found her baby.
I had met him before you introduced us.
They were in shock because they had never thought about it before.
We hadn't prepared at all before we took that test.
You said you had bought this dress in the mall.
You had studied German before you moved to Germany.
He hadn't studied Italian before he move to Italy.
I did not have any money because I had left my wallet at home.
I had already fallen asleep before ten o'clock.
They had established their business before 2002.
We had gotten married before 1985.
Kate had never played the drums until last night.
Molly had wanted a guitar, but she received a book.
They had lived in Italy for twelve years before they moved to England.
I had owned this place for two years before I sold it.
You had used that pen before it was lost.
I had had that house for eight years before the fire. 

FUTU PERF SIMP
Jack will have finished his homework by the time his mother gets home.
She will have gotten ready by the time they leave the house.
Laura will have cleaned out the apartment before she gives back the key.
By the time I get home, Zoe will have cooked dinner for both of us.
The robbers will have taken all the money by the time anyone arrives.

FUTU PERF SIMP
By the time he graduates, he will have completed five years of study.
The snow will have stopped by April.
We will have returned home by five o'clock.
By tomorrow, their life will have changed completely.
We are on vacation. So by the time we get back, we will have rested and relaxed.
Her heel will have fully healed by the summer.
By next month, you will have received your promotion.
By the time he wakes up, we will have prepared lunch for everyone.

FUTU PERF SIMP
Next Monday we will have been married for ten years.
Tomorrow Justin will have been single for a whole week.
In September I will have lived here for eight years.
Luke will have been sick for two weeks tomorrow.
Next week you will have had this car for twenty five years!

PRES PERF CONT
You have been watching TV for the last five hours. Do you think maybe it's time to get some work done?
The cat has been hiding under the couch for over an hour now.
She has been sneezing since she got here.
Sam has been working as a teacher since he graduated.
He has a stomach ache because he has been eating too much.
We have been working day and night on this project, so now it's time to relax and have some fun.
They have been playing soccer for several hours, so now they are exhausted.
They have been chatting for the last two hours.
I have been working for you for the last three months.
What have you been doing since I left?
She has been working there since July.
I have been waiting for you for an hour and a half!

PRES PERF CONT
I haven't been sleeping too well lately.
They have been losing all their matches recently.
Lately, Susan has been coming late.
Recently, I have been making more and more money with my business.
She has been feeling much better lately.
I haven't been studying much recently.
The kids have been watching too much TV lately.
Have you been jogging lately?
What have they been doing?

PAST PERF CONT
They had been flying for eight hours before they finally reached New York.
We had been struggling for several years before the business finally took off.
He wasn't hungry because had had been eating all day long.
He had been partying all night, so he fell asleep in class.
You had been sitting there for more than an hour before he arrived.
Janet had been working there for almost a year when they fired her.
We were thirsty because we had been working out outside in the heat.
Luke gained weight because he had been eating pizza three times a day.

FUTU PERF CONT
He will have been driving for an hour by the time he gets home.
In November, we will have been living in Spain for eleven years.
In December, I will have been working here for two years.
By the end of the day, he will have carried ninety bags of potatoes on his back.
Tony will be tired when he gets here because he will have been exercising for four hours.
Even though she will have been dancing the whole night, Monica will still look very fresh.
How long will you have been studying when you get your degree?
You will have been waiting for over two hours when the train finally arrives.
They will be tired when they get home because they will have been working late.
They will win that contest because they will have been practicing for months.
